readme.md, before:

# Social links profile

This project creates a profile page displaying social media links for quiklydev, a Frontend Developer. It features a responsive design with animated hover effects and utilizes FontAwesome for icons.
You can view the live demo [here](https://quiklydev.github.io/Social_links_profile).

[![Live Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Live-Demo-brightgreen)](https://quiklydev.github.io/Social_links_profile/)
[![License: ISC](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-blue)](LICENSE)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/quiklydev/Social_links_profile)](https://github.com/quiklydev/Social_links_profile/issues)

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Adapts to various screen sizes.
- **Animated Hover Effects**: Color transitions on hover for enhanced interaction.
- **Gradient Background Animation**: Animated gradient background effect on hover.
- **FontAwesome Icons**: Includes icons for various social platforms.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your machine.

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/quiklydev/Social_links_profile.git
    cd Social_links_profile
    ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

3. **Start the project:**
    ```sh
    npm start
    ```

## Usage

Open the `index.html` file in a browser to view the social links profile.

## Project Structure

- **`index.html`**: The main HTML file containing the structure of the social links profile.
- **`profile.css`**: The stylesheet for styling the profile, including animations and responsive design.
- **`index.js`**: JavaScript file.
- **`license`**: License file (ISC).
- **`package.json`**: Contains project metadata and dependencies.


## License

This project is licensed under the ISC License.

## Feedback

Issues: https://github.com/quiklydev/Social_Links_Profile/issues

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository and clone it locally.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or fix.
3. Implement your changes and commit them with clear messages.
4. Push your changes to your fork.
5. Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your modifications.

Thank you for contributing!

Commit message:

Add About section above Features

readme.md, after:

# Social links profile

[![Live Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Live-Demo-brightgreen)](https://quiklydev.github.io/Social_links_profile/)
[![License: ISC](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-blue)](LICENSE)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/quiklydev/Social_links_profile)](https://github.com/quiklydev/Social_links_profile/issues)

## About

Social Links Profile is the central hub for **Quikly Dev**—a modern frontend brand.  
Use this page to quickly connect via email, browse code on GitHub, follow updates on X/Twitter, read posts on Dev.to, and explore live demos on CodePen.

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Adapts to various screen sizes.
- **Animated Hover Effects**: Color transitions on hover for enhanced interaction.
- **Gradient Background Animation**: Animated gradient background effect on hover.
- **FontAwesome Icons**: Includes icons for various social platforms.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your machine.

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/quiklydev/Social_links_profile.git
    cd Social_links_profile
    ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

3. **Start the project:**
    ```sh
    npm start
    ```

## Usage

Open the `index.html` file in a browser to view the social links profile.

## Project Structure

- **`index.html`**: The main HTML file containing the structure of the social links profile.
- **`profile.css`**: The stylesheet for styling the profile, including animations and responsive design.
- **`index.js`**: JavaScript file.
- **`license`**: License file (ISC).
- **`package.json`**: Contains project metadata and dependencies.


## License

This project is licensed under the ISC License.

## Feedback

Issues: https://github.com/quiklydev/Social_Links_Profile/issues

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository and clone it locally.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or fix.
3. Implement your changes and commit them with clear messages.
4. Push your changes to your fork.
5. Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your modifications.

Thank you for contributing!
